♪ Good morning, U.S.A. ♪
♪ I got a feeling that it's
gonna be a wonderful day ♪
♪ The sun in the sky
has a smile on his face ♪
♪ And he's shining a
salute to the American race ♪
♪ Oh, boy, it's swell to say ♪
♪ Good morning, U.S.A. ♪
♪ Good morning, U.S.A. ♪♪
Wow. A private tennis
lesson with Maria Sharapova.
Aaah!
I scared him right
out the window.
You're the scariest man I know.
I think I dislocated
my shoulder.
Ah, it's so crooked and
awesome. Don't set it.
We'll freak people out
with it tonight at the...
Scariest haunted house
on the block, witches!
And every year you get me
so scared, I pee my pants.
Eight years running. What up!
Hey.
What do you think
of my poker face?
Call the paparazzi.
Is that Terry?
Terry Gaga. Looking forward
to your haunted house tonight.
It'll scare you straight!
Every year.
What in the heck was that?
Sounds like it came from
Buckle and Shari's house.
Buckle's doing a haunted
house? That's my thing.
Oh, he's new to
the neighborhood.
He clearly doesn't know that
you're the Fresh Prince of Bel-Scare.
Let's go see what
this amateur's doing.
Wait. What about my shoulder?
I'll fucking kill you!
Not too shabby, huh?
Everything you see
here is my own creation.
This is all stuff I wanted to do
when I was an Imagineer at Disney,
but was told my ideas
weren't "family friendly."
I'll skin you alive,
you little whore!
I'm getting my nails done.
I guess I'm taking the pumpkin
car, since my Mazda's blocked in.
And get this fakakta
ghoul off the car!
That's your
navigation system, hon.
At the corner, take a fright!
Shut up!
Well, I sure hope you guys
can make it tonight for all the fun.
But-But I'm... I'm
the Fresh Prince.
Eight years running.
Oh, my God! Buckle!
How do you like
my inflate-double?
Shari says we're
both full of hot air.
Oh, I never envisioned
my life like this.
I don't know how to get out.
Steven. Let me guess.
You're a Transformer?
A Transformer?
I'm not a child anymore, madam.
I am a GoBot.
And Barry? I'm Jonah Hill...
Or Seth Rogen, if I
put on Steve's glasses.
And, Snot, are you a gymnast?
No. These are my
gym clothes, okay?
My mom sold my dragon
costume to buy dental dams.
What do I care if she
spreads what she's got?
She's already got it.
I don't care if those
other guys get it.
Uh, come in, kids.
I bought Toshi a
fun samurai outfit,
but he's too
stubborn to put it on.
But, Toshi, this
is your heritage.
- Slam!
- You promised your sister.
Unless you boys would
be willing to take Akiko?
Hummina, hummina,
hummina. Boner!
What? No. I mean, yeah,
you... You can come.
The more the merrier.
Whatevs. I love you, not even.
He wants you to protect me
and have me back by sundown.
No, he's looking out for you.
I like that. Strong family bond.
You know what this says a
lot for? Two-parent homes.
Let's stay together,
people. Let's work it out.
Stan, if you want those guts to look
real, I suggest using a Bolognese.
You know, after university I traveled
through Italy, stabbing students.
Francine, where have you been?
You're supposed to be peeling
grapes for our bowl of eyeballs.
I had to go see Buckle's again.
What? You went to another
man's haunted house?
I couldn't help it.
I honestly don't know
how I got out of there.
The upstairs hallway
spiraled into a black hole,
and the weather kept
changing, and I was a child again.
Well, mine is gonna be way better,
once I hang all these cobwebs.
How scary are these?
Spiders made these,
people are meant to think.
Stan, I'm sorry, but you
can't compete with Buckle.
What are you talking
about? I'm still the scariest...
What is that sound? Nothing.
That's pee-pee!
Did you... Did you pee
yourself at Buckle's?
I'm sorry, Stan, but it's
really scary over there.
He has this terrifying Semitic woman
that keeps screaming, "Coasters!"
I couldn't help it. My panties
overflowed and filled my shoes.
I can't believe
this is happening!
Stan, you're gonna
have to face it...
Buckle's haunted house
is better than yours.
The Stan Smith
haunted-house era is over.
Wait. But I already told Bat Boy he
could live in our basement till spring.
Is there a problem, Stan?
'Cause I already gave
up my bed at the hospital.
Roger? Down here.
Sit on me, like a suitcase.
There's a lot of
history in these jeans.
Pam Anderson was wearing these when
she found out she had all four hepatitises.
"Hepatiti"?
Either way, she's a friend.
Ugh! Forget it!
Don't worry. I'll get these on
before the haunted house starts.
Sorry, Roger, it's off. What?
Francine's thrown in the towel.
She says I can't
compete with Buckle.
And you know what? She's right.
No, she's not.
- You can make your house
scarier than Buckle's.
- How?
♪♪
A lot of folks out there are trying to
scare people with fake ghouls and goblins.
That's all fantasy.
That's not the world we live in.
♪♪ It's time to get
back to basics, Stan.
You work at the C.I.A.
You can get real stuff
that's even scarier.
Real corpses, real
eyeballs, real skeletons.
Stan, it's time for you...
♪ To be real ♪
♪ What you find, ah ♪
So my haunted
house should be real.
♪ What you feel, ah ♪
Now you're listening.
♪ What you know, ah ♪
Uh-huh.
♪ To be real ♪♪
Roger, you talk-sing
a lot of sense.
Francine will see our haunted
house can still be the scariest.
I'm gonna get real. You do that.
I'm gonna find out who
these black people are.
Come on. Say
something to impress her.
Something funny.
Something Halloween-related.
So that Cadbury Egg
I ate made me gassy.
All right, the sun's going down.
Let's get Akiko home so we can head
over to Vince Chung's bonfire in the woods.
Parents love P.F. Chang's!
You guys go ahead.
I'll walk Akiko home.
Oh, my God! The
ghost of Whiskers.
I'm sorry, Whiskers! I didn't know
you couldn't breathe underwater!
Where are you going?
My house is this way.
Yeah, I know, but
we're having fun.
Plus, I thought we'd head
over to Vince Chung's bonfire.
That sounds great, but Toshi
said I had to be back by sunset.
He's super-protective,
Steve. Don't worry about Toshi.
What's he going to
do, come after us?
Yah!
♪♪
Well, I finally
got into my jeans.
I'm muffin-toppin' pretty bad.
Who are they? Serial killers.
What? Yeah, I'm keeping
it real, just like you said.
What's scarier than
real, live murderers?
My God, Stan, you're a genius!
This'll be your scariest
haunted house ever.
Francine will forget
all about Buckle.
Usually when I see men in cages,
they're kissing each other,
and I'm throwing pesos at them.
Peso! Kiss!
Kiss!
Peso!
I used my C.I.A.
connections to borrow five...
of the most ruthless serial
killers on the Eastern Seaboard.
When Francine sees I
saved our haunted house,
she's gonna be
totally back on board.
And then maybe tonight I'll
introduce her to the thickness!
I died of fright at
Buckle's House of Horror!
Free ghost churros
for the little ones.
Did you see those
ghosts? Oh, my God!
I'm going to swing by "Target" on the
way to Buckle's and pick up some Huggies.
My house is going to be
way better than Buckle's.
I ain't afraid of no ghosts.
How dare you quote
Ghostbusters to me?
I wrote a movie
called Rump Busters...
and threw it at a guy on the bus
who looked like Harold Ramis.
Two weeks later,
Ghostbusters came out.
Coincidence? Absolutely.
Trick or treat!
Trick or treat.
Oh, my God, Steve and Akiko!
- How... How do you know
our names?
- Toshi's looking for you two.
Oh, no. Toshi's
furious. There he is!
Come on! Let's cut
through the house!
I... enjoy dolphins.
Where are we going? Listen.
It's the Langley Falls. We
can hide from Toshi there!
Next time, I'm gonna get
a crush on Snot's sister.
She can only move so
fast in those polio braces.
I don't know about this costume.
I want to go as someone sexy.
Come on. Everyone
does the sexy thing.
It's so played out.
What the hell are you?
I'm the Cowardly Lion. No,
you're a sexy cowardly lion.
Guilty as charged.
Now, follow me. I
have a surprise for you.
I don't think you'll be going to Buckle's
when you see actual serial killers.
Serial killers?
That's right. Uh,
what do they do?
It's not what they
do. It's what they did.
Between them, they've
killed 86 people...
and most of the hookers
Drew Carey slept with.
Oh, Stan!
♪♪
Wow! This place
is magical. Yeah.
Every time I come here,
I see something new.
Like a rare insect, or an older
man and a younger man hooking up.
Hey, let's go swimming.
There's a cave on the
other side of the falls.
They say if you swim to it with
someone, you're friends forever.
Not the best swimmer.
Guess we're just leaving
our candy unattended.
♪ I got a feeling ♪
♪ That tonight's
gonna be a good night ♪
♪ That tonight's gonna
be a good, good night ♪
♪ I feel it ♪♪
Akiko! That was incredible!
Incredible! Incredible!
That was a duck.
Step right up and
behold... Death Row!
More like Lame Row.
Those guys aren't scary at all.
- What?
- Hey, let's go to Buckle's.
I hear he's got this tiny
bat that flies up your urethra.
It's crazy. It feels crazy.
♪♪
Guys, it's showtime. What gives?
Come on, where's the rage?
Are you tired? Is
it too cold in here?
Is it the lights? Are they
making that buzzing noise?
Hey, Manny.
The lights are making
that buzzing noise again.
Ohh, boy.
Stan, nice try, but
this is so boring.
I'm going to go to Buckle's.
Please, give it a chance!
Hello. Roger, the
plan's not working.
They're just sitting here. Well,
that's why I'm dressed like Francine.
You gotta get 'em riled
up. Poke the bear a little.
Appeal to their rapey side.
Anyone want to cut my head
off and have sex with my body?
You look like a fat pear.
I hate you, you fat, gray pear.
You monster! What turns you on?
Flesh-colored,
non-fruit-shaped people...
Like this one?
Is this what you want? Now,
that's a head I could cut off.
Let me outta here!
Honey, how come
you're not peeing?
I don't know. It's like looking
at a shark in an aquarium.
They're menacing, but
it's not really that scary.
Great. Now I need a
new Halloween costume.
Roger, I'm taking one of
your outfits. Francine, wait!
Do not use my
Barbara Walters outfit.
I'm interviewing
Mo'Nique next week.
I'm gonna ask her
to sit on my lap!
Maybe I'll go as a slutty
Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
Francine, don't go to Buckle's.
We can take turns
kicking Bat Boy.
Stan, you don't have to
worry. I fixed everything.
What's going on?
I let the prisoners
out. You what?
Yeah, Francine was right.
A shark's not very
intimidating behind glass,
but if you're in
the ocean with it...
But, Roger, they're
going to kill us all.
And chop off my head!
Scary, right?
Aw, I never think
things through.
I'm comin' for you, Francine!
Stan, call the police!
Good thinking.
They cut the line!
Help! Serial killers
are loose in here!
- Call the police!
- Let's check it out.
No, no! What are you doing?
Don't come over here!
It's very dangerous!
You will die!
- All right!
- Hurry up!
Seriously, guys,
that homemade Tootsie
Roll made me feel funny.
Morons!
Well, we're sitting
ducks up here.
We gotta sneak out of the
house before the killers get to us.
Ohh, boy.
Excuse my hair...
It's super-frizzy,
and the only thing about this
moment I wish I could change.
Wah!
GoBot, activate! Form
of... escape rocket!
- Yah!
- Aaah!
Get outta here!
You're gonna die!
Why are you running?
I love you!
Lean against the door!
The door won't budge.
They must have
the fridge against it.
This is my wake-up call.
Aaah!
Do it! Kill me!
Because that's what
you're doin' to your sister.
Look, you gotta stop
being so overprotective.
She's not a little girl,
Toshi. She's a young lady.
I know you love her,
but if you don't loosen your kung
fu grip, you're gonna lose her...
Forever.
Thanks for sticking
up for me, Steve.
Now I can finally date without
worrying about Toshi's wrath.
Which is so great, because I
have such a big crush... on Doug.
Doug?
But Doug's nine.
He's a really nice guy.
And Doug can dance.
♪♪
♪ I wanna rock right now ♪
♪ I wanna, I wanna
rock right now ♪
♪ Now, now, rock right now ♪
♪ I wanna, I wanna
rock right now ♪
♪ I wanna da... I wanna
dance in the lights ♪
♪ I wanna ro... I
wanna rock yo body ♪
♪ I wanna go, I
wanna go for a ride ♪
♪ Hop in the music
and rock yo body right ♪
♪ Rock that body ♪
♪ Come on, come
on Rock that body ♪♪
We can't hold them off forever!
I can't believe we're
going to get butchered,
all because you needed to
have the best haunted house.
I did all this for
you, Francine.
What? Why? To impress you.
You chose Buckle over me.
Doesn't matter whose house
is scarier. You're my wife.
You're supposed
to stand by my side,
lie to me, and tell
me my house is better.
Oh, my God, Stan. I'm so sorry.
This is all my fault.
Yeah. It is your fault.
Head for the woods!
It's always safe there!
Hai!
Hah!
Oh, I can't stay mad at you.
Come on. There's something I've wanted
to do since I first laid eyes on you.
Get those bangs off your face.
I'm taking this home with me.
♪ That tonight's gonna
be a good, good night ♪
♪ I feel it ♪♪
♪♪
Bye! Have a beautiful time.
English - US - Line 21